Deprecating Oracle Python integration (DBMON-3776) (#22299)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/_index.md

Reviewer: On line 72, let's change the desc to "Database guides"

    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/jmx_integrations/" tag=" jmx" >}}Which integrations use Jmxfetch?{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< /whatsnext >}}

{{< whatsnext desc="Database guides:" >}}
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/collect-more-metrics-from-the-sql-server-integration" tag=" SQL Server" >}}Collect more metrics from the SQL Server integration{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/collect-sql-server-custom-metrics" tag=" SQL Server" >}}Collect SQL Server custom metrics{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/use-wmi-to-collect-more-sql-server-performance-metrics" tag=" SQL Server" >}}Use WMI to collect more SQL Server performance metrics{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/connection-issues-with-the-sql-server-integration" tag=" SQL Server" >}}Connection issues with the SQL Server integration{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/mysql-custom-queries" tag=" MySQL" >}}MySQL custom queries{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/deprecated-oracle-integration" tag=" Oracle" >}}Configuring Oracle integration on the Agent versions lower than 7.53{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="integrations/guide/deprecated-oracle-integration" tag=" Oracle" >}}Configuring Oracle integration on the Agent versions lower than 7.50.1{{< /nextlink >}}
```
